so how to remove knead the concrete itself
for this we need cement
here is a bucket of cement 4 buckets of gravel
in three buckets and. water
concrete mixer and assistant so here we are
pour concrete mixer on a bucket of water
somewhere and I add a little bit
liquid soap to keep the water in the solution there
a little slower went farther
fall asleep sand asleep sand
falling asleep sand
don't take it down don't be afraid to sleep
I only removes the concrete mixer
you're the worst sprinkled some water and
can
now we fall asleep juliet cement edrosy
sprinkle less
need to use glasses
the teeth of the doctors in the eye but we already
the guys are gone
showered and mentik control water he
sushi medic is gaining momentum
fine
falling asleep group now
tick our policy
and now you can fall asleep sand
sprinkle the second piece
fine
I control the water where lumps
show us
if there are any lumps we take a wand
but
and very neatly very neatly
with lumps there is which is not broken
break everything okay pour out
wait a second
the second
and sand different
I was prescribed all that well, let's
and then on the left 3
to kid
not afraid of sting
immediately fall asleep
dratuti sand
last bite
we add water
add water
was canton
whom a little water network
look for the last tick
such a characteristic noise happens
fine
we roll
concrete stretching for
floor on the ground then everything will be here
to insulate and waterproofing and screed food
by that
this is a purchase
homemade box is a door from
the fridge and the oldies are all bonded
self-tapping screws nothing complicated
turn over
but
Here is a solution
folk
ravravnya then on and the second part of here and
nothing complicated